What's new section - DM Home Page Revision (#153)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-17-0/whatsnew-10-17-0.md

![Dashboard availability](/images/release-notes/dashboard-availability.png)

For details, see [Cockpit > Working with dashboards](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.17.0/users-guide/cockpit/#dashboards) in the *User guide*.

> #### Home Page Revision

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Improved Home page in the Device Management application
```

> Improved the DM Homepage by replacing the map widget with Quicklinks and Recent Alarms. Also improved More Action Menu auto detects the number of items in it and display it as a button if it has only one menu item. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Home page has been improved by replacing the "Map" widget with quick links and recent alarms. Moreover, a button is now displayed instead of a menu if the context menu only consists of one item.
```

> Improved the DM Homepage by replacing the map widget with Quicklinks and Recent Alarms. Also improved More Action Menu auto detects the number of items in it and display it as a button if it has only one menu item. 

Reviewer: If we add this to the Whats´New section, we should remove it from the improvements.

Author: Done

![Home Page Revision](/images/release-notes/home-page-revision.png)

> #### Confirmation pop-up

Reviewer: @dmajsag I´m not sure if we should really add this here. I think it is sufficient to mention this in the improvements section. What do you think @l2p- ?
